iOSNetwork/README.md, before:

<h2>Welcome to IOSNetwork</h2>

Welcome to the benCoding Network Helpers for Titanium project

### Before you start
* You need Titanium 1.8.1 or greater.  I recommend downloading the CI build available here.  When downloading please make sure you select the 1.8.X branch.  For instructions on how to install a CI Build please read [this](https://wiki.appcelerator.org/display/guides/Installing+Titanium+SDK+Continuous+Builds).
* This module has been tested only on iOS 5.  There isn’t any iOS 5 specific features referenced, so it should work on iOS 4.3+.

### Setup 

* Download the latest release from the releases folder ( or you can build it yourself )
* Install the bencoding.network module. If you need help here is a "How To" [guide](https://wiki.appcelerator.org/display/guides/Configuring+Apps+to+Use+Modules). 
* You can now use the module via the commonJS require method, example shown below.

<pre><code>
var benCodingNetwork = require('bencoding.network');
</code></pre>

Now we have the module installed and avoid in our project we can start to use the components, see the feature guide below for details.

### IOSNetwork How To Example

Please see the example folder for a "how to" code example.

Features
--------------------

The benCoding Network Helpers provides access to CarrierInfo, CurrentNetworkInfo, 
Apple's Reachability, and more.

<h2>CarrierInfo</h2>
CarrierInfo provides access to the native CTTelephonyNetworkInfo framework object. Please find an example on how to create this below:
<pre><code>
Ti.API.info("Create a new Carrier Info Object");
var carrierInfo = benCodingNetwork.createCarrierInfo();
</code></pre>
<br />
The following properties are currently available:

<b>carrierName</b> - Provides access to the carrier name associated with the device's SIM.
Please find an example on how to create this below:
<pre><code>
Ti.API.info("Get carrier name => " + carrierInfo.carrierName);
</code></pre>
<br />
<b>mobileCountryCode</b> - Provides access to the carrier Mobile Country Codes (MCCs). This is the country code associated with the carrier on the SIM.  Here is a listing of all the Mobile Country Codes [wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_mobile_country_codes)

Below is a sample on how to use this feature.
<pre><code>
Ti.API.info("Get mobile country code => " + carrierInfo.mobileCountryCode);
</code></pre>
<br />
<b>mobileNetworkCode</b> - Provides access to the carrier's Mobile Network Code. This is the network code associated with the carrier on the SIM.  Here is a listing of all the Mobile Network Codes for the US [wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_mobile_network_codes_in_the_United_States)
<pre><code>
Ti.API.info("Get mobile network code => " + carrierInfo.mobileNetworkCode);
</code></pre>
<br />
<b>isoCountryCode</b> - The ISO country code for the user’s cellular service provider. This is the carrier on the SIM.  Here is a listing of ISO codes [wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1)
<pre><code>
Ti.API.info("Get ISO country code for cellular service provider => " + carrierInfo.isoCountryCode);
</code></pre>
<br />
<b>allowsVOIP</b> - Indicates if the carrier allows VoIP calls to be made on its network.
<pre><code>
Ti.API.info("Mobile service provider supports VOIP => " + carrierInfo.allowsVOIP);
</code></pre>
<br />
<h2>CurrentNetwork</h2>
CurrentNetwork provides access to the native CNCopyCurrentNetworkInfo object. Please find an example on how to create this below:
<pre><code>
Ti.API.info("Create a new Current Network Info Object");
var currentNetwork = benCodingNetwork.createCurrentNetwork();
</code></pre>
<br />
<b>SSID</b> - Provides access the SSID the device is currently connected.
Please find an example on how to create this below:
<pre><code>
Ti.API.info("Get SSID => " + currentNetwork.SSID);
</code></pre>

<br />
<b>BSSID</b> - Provides access the BSSID the device is currently connected.
Please find an example on how to create this below:
<pre><code>
Ti.API.info("Get BSSID => " + currentNetwork.BSSID);
</code></pre>
<br />

<h2>Reachability</h2>

The Reachability component provides a wrapper for the Apple Reachability module. 
For more about Reachability please see the Apple documentation [here](http://developer.apple.com/library/ios/#samplecode/Reachability/Introduction/Intro.html).

Please find an example on how to create this below:
<pre><code>
Ti.API.info("Create a new Reachability Object");
var reachability = benCodingNetwork.createReachability();
</code></pre>
<br />

<b>reachabilityForLocalWiFi</b> - This method provides a boolean result if Local Wifi is enabled. Please find an example on how to create this below:
<pre><code>
Ti.API.info("Get reachabilityForLocalWiFi => " + reachability.reachabilityForLocalWiFi());
</code></pre>
<br />

<b>reachabilityWithHostName</b> - This method takes a host name, such as www.benCoding.com and returns a boolean result if the host is reachable. Please find an example on how to create this below:
<pre><code>
Ti.API.info("Get reachabilityWithHostName => " + reachability.reachabilityWithHostName("www.apple.com"));
</code></pre>
<br />

<b>hostNameReachableBy</b> - This method takes a host name, such as www.apple.com and returns a constant with how it is reachable.  Please find an example on how to create this below:
<pre><code>
var hostReachableByType = reachability.hostNameReachableBy("www.apple.com");

function getReachableType(findType){
	var results = "Oops something went wrong";
	
	if(findType==reachability.NETWORK_STATUS_NOT_REACHABLE){
		results="Not Reachable";
	}	
	
	if(findType==reachability.NETWORK_STATUS_WIFI){
		results="WiFi Network";
	}	

	if(findType==reachability.NEWORK_STATUS_WWAN){
		results="Mobile Network";
	}		
	
	return results;
};

var reachableType=getReachableType(hostReachableByType);
Ti.API.info("Reachable via => " + reachableType);
</code></pre>
<br />

### Twitter

Please consider following the [@benCoding Twitter](http://www.twitter.com/benCoding) for updates 
and more about Titanium.

### Blog

For module updates, Titanium tutorials and more please check out my blog at [benCoding.Com](http://benCoding.com). 

### Licensing & Support

This project is licensed under the OSI approved Apache Public License (version 2). For details please see the license associated with each project.

Contributing
------------

The benCoding Network Helpers is a open source project.  Please help us by contributing to documentation, reporting bugs, forking the code to add features or make bug fixes or promoting on twitter, etc.

Commit message:

Add documentation for all available functions

iOSNetwork/README.md, after:

<h2>Welcome to IOSNetwork</h2>

Welcome to the benCoding Network Helpers for Titanium project

### Before you start
* You need Titanium 1.8.1 or greater.  I recommend downloading the CI build available here.  When downloading please make sure you select the 1.8.X branch.  For instructions on how to install a CI Build please read [this](https://wiki.appcelerator.org/display/guides/Installing+Titanium+SDK+Continuous+Builds).
* This module has been tested only on iOS 5.  There isn’t any iOS 5 specific features referenced, so it should work on iOS 4.3+.

### Setup 

* Download the latest release from the releases folder ( or you can build it yourself )
* Install the bencoding.network module. If you need help here is a "How To" [guide](https://wiki.appcelerator.org/display/guides/Configuring+Apps+to+Use+Modules). 
* You can now use the module via the commonJS require method, example shown below.

<pre><code>
var benCodingNetwork = require('bencoding.network');
</code></pre>

Now we have the module installed and avoid in our project we can start to use the components, see the feature guide below for details.

### IOSNetwork How To Example

Please see the example folder for a "how to" code example.

Features
--------------------

The benCoding Network Helpers provides access to CarrierInfo, CurrentNetworkInfo, 
Apple's Reachability, and more.

<h2>CarrierInfo</h2>
CarrierInfo provides access to the native CTTelephonyNetworkInfo framework object. Please find an example on how to create this below:
<pre><code>
Ti.API.info("Create a new Carrier Info Object");
var carrierInfo = benCodingNetwork.createCarrierInfo();
</code></pre>
<br />
The following properties are currently available:

<b>carrierName</b> - Provides access to the carrier name associated with the device's SIM.
Please find an example on how to create this below:
<pre><code>
Ti.API.info("Get carrier name => " + carrierInfo.carrierName);
</code></pre>
<br />
<b>mobileCountryCode</b> - Provides access to the carrier Mobile Country Codes (MCCs). This is the country code associated with the carrier on the SIM.  Here is a listing of all the Mobile Country Codes [wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_mobile_country_codes)

Below is a sample on how to use this feature.
<pre><code>
Ti.API.info("Get mobile country code => " + carrierInfo.mobileCountryCode);
</code></pre>
<br />
<b>mobileNetworkCode</b> - Provides access to the carrier's Mobile Network Code. This is the network code associated with the carrier on the SIM.  Here is a listing of all the Mobile Network Codes for the US [wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_mobile_network_codes_in_the_United_States)
<pre><code>
Ti.API.info("Get mobile network code => " + carrierInfo.mobileNetworkCode);
</code></pre>
<br />
<b>isoCountryCode</b> - The ISO country code for the user’s cellular service provider. This is the carrier on the SIM.  Here is a listing of ISO codes [wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1)
<pre><code>
Ti.API.info("Get ISO country code for cellular service provider => " + carrierInfo.isoCountryCode);
</code></pre>
<br />
<b>allowsVOIP</b> - Indicates if the carrier allows VoIP calls to be made on its network.
<pre><code>
Ti.API.info("Mobile service provider supports VOIP => " + carrierInfo.allowsVOIP);
</code></pre>
<br />
<h2>CurrentNetwork</h2>
CurrentNetwork provides access to the native CNCopyCurrentNetworkInfo object. Please find an example on how to create this below:
<pre><code>
Ti.API.info("Create a new Current Network Info Object");
var currentNetwork = benCodingNetwork.createCurrentNetwork();
</code></pre>
<br />
<b>SSID</b> - Provides access the SSID the device is currently connected.
Please find an example on how to create this below:
<pre><code>
Ti.API.info("Get SSID => " + currentNetwork.SSID);
</code></pre>

<br />
<b>BSSID</b> - Provides access the BSSID the device is currently connected.
Please find an example on how to create this below:
<pre><code>
Ti.API.info("Get BSSID => " + currentNetwork.BSSID);
</code></pre>
<br />

<h2>Reachability</h2>

The Reachability component provides a wrapper for the Apple Reachability module. 
For more about Reachability please see the Apple documentation [here](http://developer.apple.com/library/ios/#samplecode/Reachability/Introduction/Intro.html).

Please find an example on how to create this below:
<pre><code>
Ti.API.info("Create a new Reachability Object");
var reachability = benCodingNetwork.createReachability();
</code></pre>
<br />

<b>reachabilityForLocalWiFi</b> - This method provides a boolean result if Local Wifi is enabled. Please find an example on how to create this below:
<pre><code>
Ti.API.info("Get reachabilityForLocalWiFi => " + reachability.reachabilityForLocalWiFi());
</code></pre>
<br />

<b>reachabilityWithHostName</b> - This method takes a host name, such as www.benCoding.com and returns a boolean result if the host is reachable. Please find an example on how to create this below:
<pre><code>
Ti.API.info("Get reachabilityWithHostName => " + reachability.reachabilityWithHostName("www.apple.com"));
</code></pre>
<br />

<b>hostNameReachableBy</b> - This method takes a host name, such as www.apple.com and returns a constant with how it is reachable.  Please find an example on how to create this below:
<pre><code>
var hostReachableByType = reachability.hostNameReachableBy("www.apple.com");

function getReachableType(findType){
	var results = "Oops something went wrong";
	
	if(findType==reachability.NETWORK_STATUS_NOT_REACHABLE){
		results="Not Reachable";
	}	
	
	if(findType==reachability.NETWORK_STATUS_WIFI){
		results="WiFi Network";
	}	

	if(findType==reachability.NEWORK_STATUS_WWAN){
		results="Mobile Network";
	}		
	
	return results;
};

var reachableType=getReachableType(hostReachableByType);
Ti.API.info("Reachable via => " + reachableType);
</code></pre>
<br />

### Twitter

Please consider following the [@benCoding Twitter](http://www.twitter.com/benCoding) for updates 
and more about Titanium.

### Blog

For module updates, Titanium tutorials and more please check out my blog at [benCoding.Com](http://benCoding.com). 

### Licensing & Support

This project is licensed under the OSI approved Apache Public License (version 2). For details please see the license associated with each project.

Developed by [Ben Bahrenburg](http://bahrenburgs.com) available on twitter [@benCoding](http://twitter.com/benCoding)

Contributing
------------

The benCoding Network Helpers is a open source project.  Please help us by contributing to documentation, reporting bugs, forking the code to add features or make bug fixes or promoting on twitter, etc.
