README.md, before:

 ============================

Welcome to the benCoding Network Helpers for Titanium project


Features
--------------------

The benCoding Network Helpers provides access to CarrierInfo, CurrentNetworkInfo, 
Apple's Reachability, and more.

See the readme in each project for how to implement and use.

## Projects:
<b>IOSNetwork</b> Project that provides iOS specific Network Helpers. See 
[readme](https://github.com/benbahrenburg/TiNetworkHelpers/tree/master/iOSNetwork) for details.

### Twitter

Please consider following the [@benCoding Twitter](http://www.twitter.com/benCoding) for updates 
and more about Titanium.

### Blog

For module updates, Titanium tutorials and more please check out my blog at [benCoding.Com](http://benCoding.com). 

### Licensing & Support

This project is licensed under the OSI approved Apache Public License (version 2). For details
please see the license associated with each project.

Contributing
------------

The benCoding Network Helpers is a open source project.  Please help us by contributing to documentation,
reporting bugs, forking the code to add features or make bug fixes or promoting on twitter, etc.

Commit message:

Add documentation for all available functions

README.md, after:

 ============================

Welcome to the benCoding.Network Helpers for Titanium project


Features
--------------------

The benCoding.Network Helpers provides access to CarrierInfo, CurrentNetworkInfo, 
Apple's Reachability, and more.

See the readme in each project for how to implement and use.

## Projects:
<b>IOSNetwork</b> Project that provides iOS specific Network Helpers. See 
[readme](https://github.com/benbahrenburg/TiNetworkHelpers/tree/master/iOSNetwork) for details.

### Twitter

Please consider following the [@benCoding Twitter](http://www.twitter.com/benCoding) for updates 
and more about Titanium.

### Blog

For module updates, Titanium tutorials and more please check out my blog at [benCoding.Com](http://benCoding.com). 

### Licensing & Support

This project is licensed under the OSI approved Apache Public License (version 2). For details
please see the license associated with each project.

Developed by [Ben Bahrenburg](http://bahrenburgs.com) available on twitter [@benCoding](http://twitter.com/benCoding)

Contributing
------------

The benCoding Network Helpers is a open source project.  Please help us by contributing to documentation,
reporting bugs, forking the code to add features or make bug fixes or promoting on twitter, etc.
